spanish property group colonial , struggling under huge debts , announced losses of #.## billion euros for the first half of #### which it blamed on asset depreciation .
kuwait said on wednesday it was considering alternatives to its widely criticised employee sponsor system after violent protests by foreign workers demanding better conditions .
armenia has signed a deal to supply electricity to turkey , energy minister armen <unk> said wednesday , in the first tangible sign of a thaw in relations since an historic weekend visit by the turkish president .
a jailed member of the basque separatist group eta who was convicted of plotting to assassinate spain 's king juan carlos has begun a hunger strike to demand a transfer to a hospital , a basque prisoners ' rights group said thursday .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals entered a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
a traditional chief in northern nigeria 's borno state was suspended from office thursday after divorcing his wife for having their children immunised against polio , a state spokesman said .
european parliamentarians on thursday approved eu plans to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by ## percent but called for stricter limits to be set on the controversial use of biofuels .
the killing of a lebanese politician in the first such attack against a pro- syrian figure jeopardises national reconciliation efforts already undermined by deep rifts between rival factions .
former bangladeshi prime minister khaleda zia announced thursday after her release from jail that her party will take part in upcoming elections that will restore democracy in the emergency-ruled country .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but rejected the charges against him as `` baseless .
john mccain and barack obama declared a truce thursday in their rancorous white house campaign , joining somber ground zero ceremonies on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terror strikes .
pakistan army commanders met thursday , a day after their leader , general ashfaq kayani , strongly criticised cross-border raids by us-led coalition forces , officials said .
aung san suu kyi 's lawyer said thursday that he had held `` positive '' talks with the detained democracy leader and that she appeared in good health , after reports she was not accepting food .
two international soldiers fighting taliban-linked insurgents were killed in afghanistan thursday , their forces said , as britain announced one of its troops had died a day earlier .
south korea was on alert thursday for possible political change in its nuclear - armed neighbor following the disclosure that longtime north korean leader kim jong-il suffered a stroke .
seven men suspected of plotting to blow up airliners over the atlantic ocean in #### face a retrial , prosecutors said wednesday , after a jury in london failed to reach verdicts .
beijing is enjoying its best air quality in a decade thanks to steps taken for the olympics , authorities said monday , amid a push by some locals for the anti- pollution measures to be made permanent .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin has given party nominee john mccain a jolt in several critical election battlegrounds , notably among white women voters , new polls found thursday .
rival cypriot leaders began negotiations thursday on the thorny issues that have kept the mediterranean island divided for ## years , in what is seen as the best chance of peace for years despite entrenched differences .
un prosecutor serge brammertz expressed `` careful optimism '' here wednesday about belgrade 's efforts to arrest bosnian serb war crimes fugitive ratko mladic on a visit crucial for serbia 's eu aspirations .
sure to irk us evangelicals , muslims and hasidic jews alike , satirist bill maher aims to subvert what he claims is mankind 's biggest threat : organized religion .
the algerian cabinet chaired by president abdelaziz bouteflika on sunday adopted the #### finance bill predicated on an oil price of ## dollars a barrel and a growth rate of #.# percent , it was announced here .
spain 's largest bank , santander , said thursday it has made an indicative bid for germany 's postbank with the aim of acquiring full control from owner and former postal monopoly deutsche post .
the us defense department has canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new air refueling tanker , leaving the politically charged decision to a new president .
the united states said thursday it will monitor two russian tu-### strategic bombers , which it described as `` cold war era assets , '' following their deployment to venezuela .
john mccain decried barack obama 's use of the term `` lipstick on a pig '' as a sexist smear against his republican running mate sarah palin , a controversy dismissed wednesday by the democratic nominee as `` phony and foolish .
zimbabwe must forge a power-sharing deal that reflects the outcome of the first set of elections this year which were won by the opposition , british prime minister gordon brown said thursday .
the white house race plumbed new toxic depths wednesday as barack obama raged against john mccain for stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first substantive negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani late wednesday strongly criticised cross-border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
us president george w. bush will welcome indian prime minister manmohan singh on <unk> ## for talks on bilateral relations including a nuclear cooperation deal , the white house said thursday .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
european parliamentarians on thursday approved eu plans to decrease greenhouse gas emissions by ## percent but called for stricter limits to be set on the controversial use of biofuels .
turkish cypriot leader mehmet ali talat expressed hope wednesday that talks to unite the divided island of cyprus would be wrapped up by year 's end and a solution found by june next year .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
french prime minister francois fillon insisted on thursday that the centre-right government would not boost consumption to stimulate a slowing french economy .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the flawed us immigration system .
serbia said thursday it is `` determined '' to arrest bosnian serb genocide suspect ratko mladic as the un chief war crimes prosecutor left belgrade optimistic about the case crucial to the country 's eu aspirations .
serbian president boris tadic is asking un member nations to support a move to seek the international court of justice 's opinion on kosovo 's independence , his office said thursday .
us insurance giant aig and four of its former senior executives agreed to pay ### million dollars to settle claims stemming from charges of fraud , the investors ' law firm said thursday .
yemeni president ali abdullah saleh on thursday freed a dozen opposition activists jailed on charges of inciting unrest but a senior socialist politician remained behind bars , opposition and human rights sources said .
president george w. bush dedicated the first september ## memorial thursday at the pentagon , hailing the `` heroes of #\/## '' and the absence of terrorist attacks on us soil in the seven years since that assault .
thousands observed a moment of silence at the pentagon thursday at the instant seven years ago when an american airlines jet slammed into the military headquarters , killing ### people and five hijackers .
the world must increase its pressure on the `` frontline '' against al-qaeda in afghanistan , seven years after the september ## , #### , attacks , british prime minister gordon brown said thursday .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama made a dramatic show of unity thursday with a visit to ground zero on the emotional seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
train traffic through the channel tunnel linking england and france was halted on thursday after a fire broke out , eurotunnel officials said .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday amid ongoing concerns over a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
world oil prices rose by less than one dollar in asian trade on monday after hurricane gustav forced the shutdown of almost all oil production in the gulf of mexico , analysts said .
the us trade deficit rose sharply to ##.# billion dollars in july , the largest gap in more than a year , on record high oil prices and surging chinese imports , government data showed thursday .
a paris court refused wednesday to extradite to georgia an opposition activist and former defense minister convicted of corruption , his lawyer said .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday said the world body was weighing sending a fact-finding mission to georgia and was willing to facilitate international talks on the breakaway enclaves of south ossetia and abkhazia .
nato secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer will travel to latvia friday for talks with foreign ministers from the baltic states , amid growing concern there about russia 's actions in georgia .
the bulk of canada 's troops in afghanistan will not remain there past a #### pullout date set earlier this year , prime minister stephen harper said wednesday .
hong kong share prices closed down #.# percent on thursday , marking an ##-month low as investors dumped shares in chinese firms amid deepening fears of a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
thousands gathered to dedicate the first september ## memorial thursday , observing a moment of silence at the instant seven years ago when an airliner slammed into the pentagon , killing ### people and five hijackers .
australian animal cruelty authorities have launched a nationwide hunt for a youth who was videotaped beating a kangaroo unconscious , officials said thursday .
russia 's envoy to nato urged nations in the military alliance on wednesday to cancel a visit to georgia by their ambassadors planned for next week .
roads and bridges leading away from the texas coast were jammed thursday as hundreds of thousands of residents of houston and surrounding areas began a mass evacuation thursday , with deadly hurricane ike bearing down on the texas metropolis .
kenyan police have a mounted a ##-hour patrol in a village where us presidential candidate barack obama 's grandmother lives after robbers made a botched attempt to rob her solar panel , an official said .
thousands gathered to dedicate the first september ## memorial thursday , observing a moment of silence at the instant seven years ago when an airliner slammed into the pentagon , killing ### people and five hijackers .
samak sundaravej was poised thursday to return as thailand 's premier just two days after a court removed him from the post , angering protesters who vowed to press their campaign to oust him .
iran on thursday rejected us accusations that the iranian shipping company <unk> was involved in tehran 's alleged nuclear weapons program , the official news agency irna reported .
western countries will turn a blind eye to fraud in next month 's legislative election and recognize a win for the outgoing authoritarian regime , a major opposition party leader said wednesday .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
georgia accused russian soldiers of violating a fragile truce on wednesday by killing a georgian policeman , as a major crack appeared in the eu-brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
jean sarkozy , youngest son of french president nicolas sarkozy , exchanged wedding vows wednesday with an heir to a french retailing fortune in his father 's political fiefdom , west of paris .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the country 's flawed immigration system .
the us trade deficit rose by a worse-than-expected six percent in july to ##.# billion dollars on high oil prices and surging chinese imports , the commerce department said thursday .
roads and bridges leading from the us gulf coast were jammed thursday as hundreds of thousands fled in a mandatory evacuation of parts of houston , as deadly hurricane ike bore down on the texas metropolis .
european union leaders will put the bloc 's relations with moscow under scrutiny at an emergency summit on monday , although sanctions against russia are not in the cards .
russian president dmitry medvedev moved to calm investors wednesday as the benchmark rts stock market index fell #.# percent wednesday , capping a ##-percent fall since the start of the year .
former president bill clinton predicted thursday barack obama would beat john mccain `` handily '' in november 's election as he prepared to campaign on behalf of his successor as democratic leader .
president evo morales of bolivia on wednesday ordered the us ambassador expelled , accusing him of contributing to divisions in the country which the government warned was headed towards `` civil war .
thousands of people fled the texas gulf coast thursday as deadly hurricane ike bore down , growing in power after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
a cholera outbreak in a harare suburb has killed at least ## people , zimbabwe 's health minister said thursday .
republican white house hopeful john mccain commemorated september ## attacks from the crash site of united airlines flight ## in rural pennsylvania , commending `` the courage and sacrifice '' of its passengers .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
china was facing a nationwide infant health scare on thursday as reports spread of babies hospitalised with kidney stones after drinking a suspected sub - standard milk formula .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
the us trade deficit rose nearly six percent in july to ##.# billion dollars on surging oil and chinese imports , the commerce department said thursday .
an israeli military helicopter crashed near the northern town of afula on wednesday , army radio said .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
german energy group eon , which wants to build nuclear power stations in britain , on thursday signed an agreement enabling it to connect with the british national power network , an eon spokesman said .
european stock markets slumped on thursday in the wake of heavy falls in asia , pulled down by sharp losses for the banks as the global economic outlook turns darker still , traders said .
hurricane ike strengthened to a powerful category two storm wednesday as it churned through the gulf of mexico toward the us state of texas , officials at the miami-based national hurricane center said .
south korea 's inflation rate slowed slightly in august as oil and commodity prices showed signs of stabilising , the national statistical office said monday .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's grand zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
zimbabwe 's opposition leader morgan tsvangirai thursday said there was a `` deal '' on power-sharing to end a ruinous political crisis as he emerged from a meeting with president robert mugabe .
sarah palin is rejuvenating her republican running mate john mccain in three of the battleground states likely to decide his showdown with democrat barack obama , new polls showed thursday .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help the communist country .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
swedish telecommunications equipment provider ericsson said on thursday that it had signed a contract to set up and operate an international mobile phone network for british group cable &amp; wireless .
south ossetia 's separatist leader backtracked thursday after initially saying his region would become part of russia in the wake of last month 's conflict in georgia .
the white house on wednesday expressed guarded optimism about the future of north korean nuclear disablement efforts amid reports that north korean leader kim jong-il may be seriously ill .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's grand zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
a us air force plane left new zealand for antarctica early friday on a key mission that could pave the way for year-round flights to the bottom of the world .
a technical recession in europe , defined as two consecutive quarters of economic contraction , can not be ruled out , dutch central bank governor and ecb board member nout wellink warned thursday .
a ryanair flight was forced to return to dublin airport on thursday after the plane 's tail hit the runway as it took off for london , an airport authority spokeswoman said .
hong kong share prices ended monday morning #.# percent down , tracking wall street weakness friday , dealers said .
survivors mourned at new york 's ground zero on thursday as john mccain and barack obama suspended their rancorous white house campaign to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped communist cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help .
south korea 's nuclear envoy kim sook urged north korea monday to restart work to disable its nuclear plants and stop its `` typical '' brinkmanship in negotiations .
several hundred people believed missing after a landslide engulfed a chinese town are likely dead , with ### already confirmed killed , state press said thursday , citing a senior official .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
japan 's matsushita electronics industrial ltd. said thursday it aimed to boost its global sales as it started a new board of `` global advisors .
archaeologists are a step closer to fully unravelling a ##-year mystery surrounding the discovery of broken early bronze age marble objects on a greek island , project sources said on wednesday .
russian troops on thursday were seen dismantling positions near the western georgian towns of poti and <unk> in line with an agreement brokered in moscow by eu leaders this week .
seven men accused of being part of a cell that allegedly plotted to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a retrial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts this week , british prosecutors said wednesday .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
the machinists union strike against boeing entered a fifth day wednesday with no sign of a resumption of contract talks on the horizon , both sides said .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a third day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
us stocks pared early gains wednesday as the market mulled struggling investment giant lehman brothers ' plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
taiwan 's weather bureau warned thursday of an approaching typhoon which it said was gaining momentum and sweeping toward the island .
thousands of people fled the texas gulf coast thursday as deadly hurricane ike bore down , with forecasters warning the sprawling storm could gain added force before it crashes into the coast near houston , the key us oil hub and major space center .
drug trafficking on the web has soared as internet use has become commonplace , presenting far more challenges and dangers than traditional trafficking , experts warned at a conference in stockholm that wrapped up wednesday .
the zimbabwe has licensed some shops to sell goods in foreign currency as it grapples with a burgeoning black market in basic commodities , a senior official said on wednesday .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
the chinese company at the center of a major health scare said thursday its baby milk powder had been contaminated , as reports spread of infants being hospitalised with kidney stones .
south korean shares fell sharply late monday morning following wall street 's steep friday losses and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike , which strengthened wednesday to a powerful category two storm , churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
un secretary general ban ki-moon came in for tough criticism thursday from sri lanka 's government , which accused him of unwittingly helping tamil tiger rebels .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
irish ##-month inflation fell to #.# percent in august from #.# percent in july , official data showed on thursday .
rescuers evacuated dozens of people from the channel tunnel on thursday after a fire on a freight shuttle injured ## people and forced the closure of the key transport link , officials said .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
thailand 's powerful army chief on thursday said the country 's state of emergency should be lifted as soon as possible because it was harming the public .
us stocks opened with heavy losses thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector and a weakening global economy .
emergency authorities in bangladesh on thursday released former prime minister khaleda zia as part of efforts to restore democracy in the south asian country by the end of the year .
a ryanair flight was forced to return to dublin airport on thursday after the plane 's tail hit the runway as it took off for london , the airline and airport officials said .
german-born swiss chocolate magnate klaus jacobs , who for many years ran the company making the famous <unk> bars , died thursday aged ## , swiss news agency ats reported .
in villages in western georgia russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama paid homage at ground zero together thursday on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
faced with a rapidly slowing economy , new zealand 's central bank cut the official interest rate by half a percentage point on thursday , double the reduction forecast by analysts .
facebook 's new look became mandatory wednesday in a shift to what the popular social networking website says is a faster , streamlined and more <unk> format that has some devotees in a state of rebellion .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower monday following steep losses on wall street and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
the european union wants to boost its ties with oil-rich nigeria , its key partner on the continent , a top brussels official said on wednesday .
syria on thursday denounced the murder of a pro-syrian lebanese politician as a terrorist act aimed at undermining security in its neighbor ahead of planned multi-party reconciliation talks .
indian shares fell #.## percent on thursday as investors ignored overnight gains on wall street , on concerns that more bad news could emerge from the us financial sector , dealers said .
president george w. bush dedicated the first september ## memorial thursday at the pentagon , hailing the `` heroes of #\/## '' and the absence of terrorist attacks on us soil in the seven years since .
seven members of an alleged cell accused of plotting to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a re-trial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts earlier this week , prosecutors said wednesday .
moroccan authorities on thursday released blogger mohamed <unk> on bail from a two year jail term ordered for his internet criticism of king mohammed vi , a human rights group said .
the united nations ' humanitarian chief john holmes arrived in ethiopia monday to tour regions affected by drought , which has left some eight million people in need of urgent food aid .
kuwaiti stocks ended the week through thursday down six percent on lack of cashflow drained by huge ipos and a strict monetary policy to combat inflation , analysts said .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon negotiations that centred on how much power president robert mugabe would cede .
economic growth in the tourist paradise of maldives is expected to slow this year as double-digit inflation curtails a construction boom , the international monetary fund said thursday .
a moroccan rights organization called wednesday for `` the immediate release '' of blogger mohamed <unk> , jailed this week for two years for showing disrespect to the king .
the pentagon canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new aerial refueling tanker wednesday , leaving the politically charged decision for one of its biggest military contracts to a new administration .
the australian dollar slipped below the crucial ## us cents barrier for the first time in ## months thursday , as investors also fled the new zealand unit after a bigger than expected rate cut .
european stock markets suffered thursday , dragged down by the finance sector on mounting fears about the fate of struggling us investment bank lehman brothers .
the white house disagreed wednesday with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying `` we would like to see more oil on the market , not less .
belgium 's far-right vlaams belang party denounced thursday what it called the `` islamisation of europe '' at a ceremony to mark the anniversary of the september ## , #### attacks in the united states .
at least ## people were killed in a massive rockslide that crushed dozens of homes in a cairo slum over the weekend , a security official said on wednesday , with the toll expected to rise further .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
the war crimes court for the former yugoslavia granted a temporary release wednesday to <unk> president milan milutinovic for medical reasons , a court statement said .
police arrested five men in western france thursday following a tip-off about a possible terror plot , a source close to the case said .
india 's inflation rate has slowed for a third consecutive week , official data showed thursday , but remained above the ## percent mark .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
the fight for survival at several big us banks is focusing minds in europe on whether governments are prepared to react in case a major european bank also runs into deep trouble .
france 's veteran far-right leader jean-marie le pen hinted he could leave politics , saying in an interview published thursday he was not planning a sixth run for the french presidency in #### .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
the heads of some of afghanistan 's leading private companies issued a joint call for peace thursday , saying <unk> unrest and insecurity were hampering growth .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
us ambassador philip goldberg has up to ## hours to leave bolivia , the government of leftist president evo morales said thursday .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
oil prices tumbled to six-month low points below ## dollars a barrel on thursday as the dollar rallied and demand for energy decreased around the world amid an economic slowdown , traders said .
indian shares fell #.## percent on thursday as investors ignored overnight gains on wall street , on concerns that more bad news could emerge from the us financial sector , dealers said .
several hundred people believed missing after a landslide engulfed a chinese town are likely dead , state press said thursday , citing a senior official , as the official toll rose to ### .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to an ##-month low of #.#### dollars in volatile trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as further deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the september ## , #### attacks .
president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government and central bank to boost funds flowing into financial markets after a four-month slump that has seen the stock exchange fall by nearly half .
a pollster whose mathematical model has correctly predicted every winner of the white house popular vote since #### is banking on a decisive victory for democrat barack obama in november .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
bulgaria 's decision to extend the probe of the #### `` umbrella killing '' of dissident georgy markov was welcomed thursday by another bulgarian dissident who survived a similar attack .
the italian government on thursday agreed to outlaw prostitution in public places , recommending prison terms of up to ## days and fines of up to ##,### euros for prostitutes and their clients .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon talks that centred on how much authority president robert mugabe would cede .
averting a recession in europe will be the burning issue for eu finance chiefs meeting friday and saturday on the french riviera as the euro and stocks tumble on fears of a downturn .
south korea 's state-run korea development bank refused comment monday on a british newspaper report that it is still seeking a stake in troubled us investment bank lehman brothers .
workers at french carmaker renault walked off the job at some factories on thursday to protest a plan to cut #,### jobs in france .
britain 's opposition conservative leader david cameron , whose party has a clear lead over the ruling labor party , is being presented to the world this week on the cover of time magazine .
`` the joy of sex '' , the iconic ####s book which became the bedroom -lrb- and elsewhere -rrb- bible for a generation , has been re-released in an updated version for the <unk> .
new york mayor michael bloomberg on wednesday lambasted delays in rebuilding at the site of the #\/## terrorist attacks against the world trade center .
georgia said one of its policemen was shot dead from a russian position wednesday in violation of a fragile truce , as a major crack appeared in the eu - brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi monday promised wide political and economic reforms that he said would see ministries dismantled and oil revenues going directly into the pockets of the people .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday further stoked fears of widespread unrest and possibly civil war , amid a furore over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
the continued overfishing of bluefin tuna in the mediterranean is a `` disgrace '' and all fishing of the species in the region must be suspended immediately , a panel said thursday .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
the european commission welcomed as a `` good step '' thursday the decision by internet giant google to halve the time that it keeps certain private web search data .
pakistan 's defense minister wednesday told the head of the german air force that civilian deaths from missile strikes by afghanistan-based forces could damage cooperation in the `` war on terror .
reeling from almost nationwide destruction from hurricanes gustav and ike , cash - strapped cuba thursday charged the united states was `` lying '' about its stated willingness to help the communist country .
spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos will friday begin a six-day middle east tour with stops in egypt , israel , jordan , syria and the palestinian territories , his ministry said .
archaeologists in greece have unearthed more than #,### ancient graves and tombs during excavation work for a new metro in the northern city of salonika , the culture ministry said on thursday .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
south africa thursday said it has given its #### humanitarian award to former cuban president fidel castro for his contributions to `` humankind beyond boundaries .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday she would not `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
oil prices fell below ### dollars a barrel on wednesday after the us government revealed that stockpiles of distillates had fallen less than expected last week in the aftermath of hurricane gustav .
rescuers evacuated dozens of truck drivers from the channel tunnel on thursday after an explosion and fire on a freight shuttle injured ## people and forced the closure of the undersea link , officials said .
nigerian president umaru yar ` adua on thursday urged a gathering of transparency experts here to look at ways of cracking down on `` blood oil '' , or crude stolen from conflict zones .
the official death toll from moscow 's military operation in georgia was thursday revised to ## soldiers , five less than previously announced .
a bomb blast and an attack on a combat post killed two nato soldiers in afghanistan , one of them british , the alliance 's international security assistance force and british military said thursday .
the chinese company at the center of a major health scare said thursday its baby milk powder had been contaminated , as reports spread of infants being hospitalised with kidney stones .
south sudan appealed on thursday to uganda 's rebel lord 's resistance army -lrb- lra -rrb- to sign a final peace agreement `` for the sake of the people , '' as military pressure mounted against the insurgents .
john mccain and barack obama were to observe a truce thursday in their increasingly bitter white house contest with a joint appearance at ground zero on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
energy firm eon uk , which is owned by german power giant eon , apologised on wednesday after one of its senior executives joked that a harsh winter would mean `` more money for us '' .
chinese shares slumped to close down #.## percent on thursday amid deepening fears of an economic slowdown and a lack of market-boosting policies from beijing , dealers said .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas wednesday and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
russian troops on thursday dismantled positions near the western georgian towns of poti and <unk> in line with an agreement brokered in moscow by eu leaders this week .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- , a european security body , urged wednesday its ## member states to intensify efforts to crack down on human trafficking .
malaysian share prices ended #.# percent lower thursday , as investors sold off plantation and finance stocks amid a region-wide slump , dealers said .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe , who thursday reported a snag in power - sharing talks with the opposition , arrived at a hotel were south african president thabo mbeki is trying to broker a deal .
eu foreign ministers are set to beef up sanctions against zimbabwe next week , frustrated by the lack of political progress there , european diplomats said thursday .
european stocks closed lower wednesday as sentiment turned increasingly cautious on the outlook for the economy and the banks after monday 's euphoric response to a us government bailout of two key us mortgage finance firms .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
european banks are solid enough to cope with further financial sector turmoil but risks of new shocks can not be ruled out , bank of france governor and european central bank board member christian noyer said thursday .
the euro , <unk> by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to #.#### dollars in late afternoon trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
spain on thursday backed efforts by six central american nations to reach an association and free trade agreement with the ##-nation european union .
a suicide car bomb blew up near a convoy of private security guards in afghanistan 's southern city of kandahar thursday , killing two afghan civilian passers-by , a governor 's spokesman said .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov accused the united states on thursday of seeking to encircle russia , and reiterated moscow 's opposition to us plans to install a missile shield on polish soil .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
oil prices tumbled thursday as the dollar rallied and demand worries outweighed a powerful hurricane ike barreling through the <unk> gulf of mexico .
chinese share prices opened down #.## percent monday , as investors took profit after last week 's gains on the market , dealers said .
the film debut by one of france 's most provocative writers , michel houellebecq , has been panned by critics following its release in france .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin insisted in her first major television interview on thursday she was ready to step in as us president if necessary .
an american man has been arrested and charged in cambodia with committing indecent acts against a ##-year-old child prostitute on a dark street , police and court officials said monday .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
the united states and china hold high-level trade talks in california next week amid tensions over the asian power 's massive export surplus and concerns about a slowing global economy .
spanish ##-month inflation fell to #.# percent in august from #.# percent in july , final official data showed on thursday , mainly because of a fall in the price of oil .
president dmitri medvedev ordered the government and central bank on thursday to boost funds flowing into strained russian financial markets , news agencies reported .
oil and natural gas production in the gulf of mexico has been largely shut off as hurricane ike looms , the us department of energy said thursday , adding however that the storm was likely to spare most gulf energy installations .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
russia ruled out wednesday allowing eu observers into the georgian regions of south ossetia and abkhazia , contradicting claims by french president nicolas sarkozy over the mission .
five islamists accused of killing a us diplomat and his driver in the sudanese capital on new year 's day told police they had wanted to `` kill americans , '' a court heard on thursday .
thousands observed a moment of silence at the pentagon thursday at the instant seven years ago when an american airlines jet slammed into the military headquarters , killing ### people and five hijackers .
the white house on wednesday said it disagreed with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying it wants to see more oil come to market , not less .
the european commission said wednesday it was seeking information from the belgian authorities over complaints that french-speakers are discriminated against over public housing .
the eu 's french presidency on thursday condemned the murder of a lebanese opposition figure and stressed the bloc 's readiness to help bring to justice those carrying out terrorist acts .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
thai share prices closed #.## percent lower on thursday on ongoing concerns over a global economic slowdown , dealers said .
iran on thursday rejected us accusations that the iranian shipping company <unk> was involved in tehran 's alleged nuclear weapons program , the official news agency irna reported .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furor over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
serbia on thursday said a stalled pact on its european union aspirations should be kickstarted now as it had fully complied with a un tribunal investigating war crimes in the former yugoslavia .
a court sentenced an egyptian newspaper editor to one year in jail on wednesday for having published his paper without a permit from the press council , the state-run mena news agency reported .
argentina on thursday blasted the united states for accusations made during a miami trial that a suitcase filled with ###,### dollars stopped at buenos aires airport was an illicit campaign gift to president cristina kirchner from venezuela .
media watchdog ipi thursday slammed slovenia for exerting pressure on a finnish television channel which recently reported on corruption allegations against the slovenian premier .
russia condemned thursday the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and investment giant lehman brothers 's battle for survival .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as more deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the september ## , #### attacks .
us pop art giant jeff koons took the chateau of versailles by storm on wednesday , ruffling the stately pomp of the french royal court with his riotous , larger-than-life artwork .
mauritania 's junta in power since an august # coup d'etat announced early monday the `` formation of a government , '' state television reported .
a global forum on migration began thursday in spain and was set to call on european nations to ratify a #### un convention on the rights of migrants , organisers said .
a new <unk> commission set up after the former soviet republic 's clash with russia will meet for the first time next week , an alliance spokesman said thursday .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
the white house on wednesday welcomed `` positive '' comments from north korea 's number two leader on six-country efforts to end the secretive stalinist country 's nuclear weapons programs .
the euro came under heavy pressure against the dollar and yen thursday on increasing speculation that the eurozone will not be able to escape a recession later this year .
two policemen were killed and one was wounded in an attack on a police station early monday in russia 's caucasian republic of ingushetia bordering on chechnya , interfax news agency reported .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher monday in subdued trading ahead of a us holiday , dealers said .
russia on thursday condemned the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife carla bruni will welcome pope benedict xvi at the airport when he arrives in france on friday for his first visit , the presidency said .
the second day of negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but president robert mugabe said participants will `` hopefully '' reach an accord thursday .
us stocks opened with heavy losses thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector and a weakening global economy .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov arrived wednesday in the polish capital warsaw for his first visit to an eu member state since the georgia conflict erupted just over a month ago .
tuareg rebel chief ibrahim ag bahanga has released the last ## hostages held by his renegade group in the north of mali , the government has said , in an important step forward towards peace .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced plans wednesday to sell off key assets to shore up its finances as it posted more hefty losses linked to the us subprime real estate crisis .
police said on thursday they found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a french girl allegedly killed by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river near tel aviv in a grisly case that shocked israel .
liechtenstein 's prince hans-adam ii was accused thursday of <unk> nazi crimes by suggesting that germany today is a `` fourth reich , '' swiss newspaper <unk> reported .
iceland 's central bank said thursday it was holding its key interest rate at ##.# percent as the statistics office announced strong second quarter growth figures and high inflation in august .
japan 's top mobile operator ntt docomo inc. said thursday it was buying part of an irish company focused on communications at sea , as it increasingly looks abroad to expand and find a competitive edge .
russia condemned thursday the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
texas authorities ordered coastal evacuations wednesday as deadly hurricane ike strengthened to a category two storm in the gulf of mexico and headed toward the southern us coast after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
ceremonies began thursday at new york 's ground zero , also due to be visited by white house rivals barack obama and john mccain on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## attacks .
a briton who sparked a bomb alert on an emirates flight from manchester to dubai in july while he was drunk told a court in the gulf emirate that he was joking , newspapers reported on thursday .
faith is no foil against market forces -- not even if you 're flogging the word of god , as the biggest printer of bibles in the world is finding out .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced wednesday a series of asset sales to shore up its finances as it posted an estimated #.# billion-dollar quarterly loss .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
at least two people were killed in a suspected bomb attack on a passenger bus in the strife-torn southern philippines on monday , the military said .
power-sharing talks between zimbabwe 's political rivals are still deadlocked , president robert mugabe said thursday , despite recent signs that a deal was imminent .
unions at alitalia and investors who want to reorganise the ailing italian carrier were locked in talks thursday on a plan seen as a last-ditch bid to save the company from bankruptcy .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but said the charges made against him are `` baseless .
john mccain and barack obama observed a brief truce thursday in the rancorous white house race , joining ground zero ceremonies for the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
barack obama , the democratic candidate for the white house , arrived thursday at ground zero in new york where he was due to pay homage to the dead along with his republican rival john mccain .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday unveiled a report warning that poverty reduction goals agreed by world leaders eight years ago may not be met by the #### target date , particularly in africa .
israeli troops opened fire and killed a palestinian during a raid in the northern west bank city of nablus on wednesday , security officials said .
former president bill clinton said thursday barack obama would win november 's election `` handily '' as he prepared to bring his vaunted campaign skills to bear on behalf of his heir as democratic leader .
mongolia laid to rest more than two months of political turmoil on thursday when parliament approved <unk> bayar as prime minister , potentially paving the way for lucrative mining deals .
manet 's `` olympia , '' titian 's `` venus delighting herself with love and music '' and goya 's `` la maja <unk> '' are to hang with other illustrious nudes alongside picasso 's very own in an unprecedented exhibition next month on `` painting learning from painting .
the radical reforms that nicolas sarkozy is carrying out in france and the president 's `` soap opera '' love life will be brought to the big screen in a documentary , the film 's us director said thursday .
ireland 's national sail training yacht foundered off the northwestern coast of france thursday , forcing its ## crew to take to <unk> , french maritime officials said .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell below #.## dollars for the first time in a year wednesday .
in villages in western georgia , russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
philippine troops on monday pursued limited operations against muslim rebel leaders accused of murder but said they were not hunting all the insurgents as the large islamic minority observed the holy month of ramadan .
british firefighters raced into the channel tunnel thursday to tackle a fire described as a `` serious incident , '' as traffic tailbacks rapidly formed on the british end after the tunnel was closed .
south africa has won its bid to host the miss world beauty pageant after the contest was moved from ukraine over safety concerns in neighbouring georgia , an official said wednesday .
russian troops labored over a tentative pull-out from western georgia on thursday as cracks appeared in an eu-brokered truce and moscow turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
indonesian shares closed #.# percent lower thursday , hurt by a weaker rupiah and further selling in commodity-related stocks , dealers said .
chinese shares slumped to close down #.## percent on thursday amid deepening fears of an economic slowdown and a lack of market-boosting policies from beijing , dealers said .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
south korea 's trade deficit swelled to #.## billion dollars in august due mainly due to high oil and raw material prices , the government said monday .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing six people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
turkish foreign minister ali babacan on thursday signed accords to boost economic and energy ties with switzerland during a visit to bern .
turkish airlines -lrb- thy -rrb- said thursday it had missed a deadline for participation in a privatisation tender for a stake in austrian airlines -lrb- aua -rrb- .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe cast fresh doubt thursday on expectations of a power-sharing agreement with the opposition saying that talks to end a ruinous political crisis were `` stuck '' .
the united states will provide ## million dollars in aid to help storm-ravaged haiti recover from deadly tropical storms , white house spokeswoman dana perino said wednesday .
turkish president abdullah gul and his azerbaijani counterpart ilham aliyev on wednesday stressed `` friendly relations '' following gul 's visit to azerbaijan 's arch-enemy armenia last week .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as more deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the #\/## attacks .
the euro fell below #.## dollars for the first time in almost a year wednesday as investors sought a safer haven from recession fears in the eurozone and oil prices fell on demand worries .
the european commission welcomed as a `` good step '' on thursday the decision by internet giant google to halve the time for which it keeps certain private web - search data .
european stock markets closed lower on wednesday , with london 's ftse ### index down #.## percent at #,###.## points .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to rearm its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
france , which holds the european union presidency , called wednesday for a joint european approach to resolving the challenges in the arctic , a region on the front lines of global warming .
sarah palin is rejuvenating her republican running mate john mccain in three of the battleground states likely to decide his showdown with democrat barack obama , new polls showed thursday .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
the united states on thursday ordered the expulsion of bolivia 's envoy to washington after bolivian president evo morales ordered the us ambassador to la paz to leave the country .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin thursday refused to rule out war with russia should georgia eventually join nato and then be invaded by moscow 's troops .
oil prices tumbled to six-month lows below ## dollars on thursday as the dollar rallied and the likelihood of a sharp global economic slowdown loomed over demand growth , traders said .
un chief ban ki-moon on thursday unveiled a report warning that poverty reduction goals agreed by world leaders eight years ago may not be met by the #### target date , particularly in africa .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
president nicolas sarkozy 's `` soap opera '' love life and the radical change he is bringing to france will be brought to the big screen next year in a documentary , the film 's us director said thursday .
zimbabwe 's political rivals clinched a powersharing agreement late thursday ending an ongoing political crisis in the southern african country .
bulgaria 's decision to extend the probe of the #### `` umbrella killing '' of dissident georgy markov was welcomed thursday by another bulgarian dissident who survived a similar attack .
the killing of a lebanese politician in the first such attack against a pro- syrian figure jeopardises national reconciliation efforts already undermined by deep rifts between rival factions .
the head of austria 's far-right fpoe party , <unk> strache , is under suspicion of being a neo-nazi after a magazine accused him of manipulating photos of himself in paramilitary uniform .
twelve socialist opposition activists jailed on charges of inciting unrest in yemen were freed on thursday after being pardoned by president ali abdullah saleh , official and opposition sources said .
iceland 's central bank held its key interest rate at ##.# percent on thursday , despite posting record inflation in august , the bank said .
nato military chiefs will examine in talks this week the state of the georgian army , which took a battering from russian forces last month , a spokesman said thursday .
south korea 's new parliament began its first regular session monday after months of delays , with the conservative party eager to push through a pro-business agenda after a decade of rule by liberal presidents .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how they would share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled the central north island of new zealand monday but there were no early reports of casualties or significant damage , scientists said .
britain 's opposition conservative leader david cameron , whose party is enjoying a clear lead over the governing labor party , is being presented to the world this week on the cover of time magazine .
police on thursday found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a little french girl allegedly murdered by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river in a grisly case that has shocked the country .
yemen has stepped up measures to combat piracy off its coast , deploying troops in the gulf of aden and planning three centres to fight somali pirates , official sources said on wednesday .
power-sharing talks between zimbabwe 's political rivals are still stuck at the same point , president robert mugabe said thursday , despite his recent hints that a deal was imminent .
the us trade deficit rose in july , to ##.# billion dollars from ##.# billion in the prior month , the commerce department said thursday .
in what would be the third mega-deal in german retail banking in two months , deutsche bank has confirmed it is looking at an acquisition that would more than double its high street customer base .
russia on wednesday denied claims before the un 's highest court that it exercised effective control over the georgian rebel regions of south ossetia and abkhazia .
britain pledged ## million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- wednesday to help bangladesh fight the effects of climate change , as the low - lying south asian nation made a plea for billions of dollars in aid .
a right-wing politician on thursday called off his campaign against bollywood legend amitabh bachchan , and said he would not block the release of the star 's latest film .
chad 's rebel leader and a prominent human rights lawyer blamed president idriss deby itno for the world bank 's decision to stop financing an oil pipeline deal , accusing him wednesday of stealing the money to pay for war .
a `` tsunami '' of films premiering this week at the toronto film festival explore mankind 's destruction of the environment and efforts around the world to save it , organizers said thursday .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
world food programme chief josette sheeran urged the european union wednesday to show bold leadership and unblock a billion euros in aid to help poor countries confront the global food crisis .
ireland 's national sail training yacht foundered off the northwestern coast of france early thursday , forcing its ## crew to take to <unk> , french maritime officials said .
in the latest sign of bollywood 's expanding reach , one of the industry 's biggest stars opened a new acting school in london on thursday that will tutor aspiring actors who hope to break into indian film .
new pakistan president asif ali zardari showered rose petals on the grave of his slain wife benazir bhutto on thursday , on his first such visit here since taking office .
police on thursday found a suitcase thought to contain the remains of a little french girl allegedly murdered by her israeli grandfather and dumped in a river in a grisly case that has shocked the country .
the euro on thursday slid below #.## dollars for the first time in a year and struck the lowest point versus the yen since september #### on heightened concerns about a weak european economy , dealers said .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
a top russian general threatened wednesday to target planned american missile shield sites in poland and the czech republic with ballistic missiles amid icy us-russia relations over georgia .
venezuelan president hugo chavez said thursday he has ordered a probe into a suspected coup plot allegedly involving active and retired military officers .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama visited ground zero together on thursday to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
spanish king juan carlos and prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero attended a memorial service thursday for the ### victims of last month 's spanair jet crash , spain 's worst air accident in ## years .
hong kong share prices were down #.# percent on monday , tracking wall street 's fall on friday , dealers said .
russian president dmitry medvedev on thursday ordered the government and central bank to boost funds flowing into financial markets to curb a four-month slump that has seen stock prices fall by nearly half .
australia 's current account deficit shrunk by a record #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- in the june quarter due to soaring commodity prices , figures released monday showed .
us stocks swung lower thursday amid heightened jitters about the financial sector as investment giant lehman brothers battled for survival .
at least ## people were killed in a massive rockslide that crushed dozens of homes in a cairo slum at the weekend , a security official said on thursday , with the toll expected to rise further .
a southern african security summit due to begin wednesday was deferred by a day amid speculation that zimbabwe 's political rivals could finally ink a long awaited power-sharing deal .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party will begin five-day talks to choose its candidate for #### presidential elections on thursday , a party official said .
hundreds of australian holidaymakers stranded on the thai resort island of phuket are expected to head home monday after budget airline jetstar said it would send a chartered plane to collect them .
the murder of saleh aridi on wednesday was the latest in a long series of targeted killings in lebanon .
lehman brothers shares plunged anew thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
un chief ban ki-moon hailed the power-sharing deal reached by the zimbabwean government and its opposition in harare thursday and voiced hope it would pave the way for durable peace and recovery .
five islamists accused of killing a us diplomat and his driver in the sudanese capital on new year 's day told police they had wanted to `` kill americans , '' a court heard on thursday .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furor over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
south korea on monday announced sweeping tax reforms , including income and corporate tax cuts to boost growth by stimulating sluggish private consumption and business investment .
spain 's constitutional court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii was mistakenly sent #,### pints of beer when one of her royal residences was confused with a nearby pub , it emerged thursday .
two taliban-style suicide blasts struck afghanistan thursday , killing at least four afghans and wounding about a dozen more , government officials said .
eritrea on thursday slammed a `` hostile '' canada for denying its foreign minister a visa over his participation in the country 's three-decade independence war against ethiopia .
the dollar shook off a weak report on the us trade deficit and held generally steady thursday as investors sought safety in the greenback from market turmoil .
a dispute between rival english and domestic mining giants over rights to lucrative iron-ore deposits has forced armed police to intervene in sierra leone , officials said wednesday .
a fire on a freight shuttle in the channel tunnel on thursday forced an emergency rescue operation and the closure of the tunnel , officials said .
pakistan prime minister yousuf raza gilani thursday offered staunch support for the country 's army chief after he criticised us-led coalition raids in the tribal belt bordering afghanistan .
emergency authorities in bangladesh on thursday released former prime minister khaleda zia as part of efforts to restore democracy in the south asian country by the end of the year .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum in october on the political future of the region , a court source said .
a meat company in germany that advertised its wares with the image of a naked woman emblazoned across its delivery trucks came under fire wednesday from an industry watchdog .
taiwan announced an economic stimulus package thursday worth #.# billion us dollars less than four months since the president took office as growth flags and the stock market struggles .
zimbabwe 's deadlocked political rivals enter a fourth day of talks on thursday with signs that president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai were inching towards an agreement .
a spanish judicial watchdog on wednesday fined a judge #,### euros -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for allowing a convicted paedophile to remain free before he killed a young girl .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and a battle for survival by investment giant lehman brothers .
particle physicists were jubilant on wednesday after the long-awaited startup of a <unk> designed to expose secrets of the cosmos passed its first tests with flying colors .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
the eu parliament is set next month to use the european union flag , anthem and motto for all formal business following a committe vote on thursday .
malaysia 's financial markets are closed on monday for a public holiday .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
britain 's prince charles called on the world wednesday to act with a `` sense of wartime urgency '' to protect the rainforests , warning they were `` <unk> connected '' to the phenomenon of climate change .
a front group for al-qaeda in iraq hit out at the country 's largest sunni arab parliamentary faction on wednesday over a government offensive against jihadists north of baghdad .
a fire in the channel tunnel triggered traffic jams at both ends of the tunnel on thursday , as trucks and cars scrambled to find alternative ways of getting between france and britain .
a british solder has been killed in an explosion in southern afghanistan , the ministry of defense in london said thursday , bringing the total british toll in the afghan conflict to ### .
